MFEM Matrix Coefficients (#33260)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/mfem/functormaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial.md

# MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial

!if! function=hasCapability('mfem')

## Overview

`MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial` defines one or more matrix material properties with values

> obtained from coefficients on one or more subdomains of the mesh, given by the [!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/block) parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
obtained from coefficients on one or more subdomains or boundaries of the mesh, given by the [!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/block) or [!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/boundary) parameters, respectively,
```

Would you mind doing the same for the scalar/vector material docs? It's a bit repetitive given we already wrote this in `MFEMFunctorMaterial.md` - an alternative would be to refer the reader there and to delete this sentence from the docs for all three derived classes.

if provided, or applied to the entire mesh if missing. The matrix material properties are named
according to members in the [!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/prop_names) parameter, with respective coefficients used to get property
values given by the members of
[!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/prop_values). The
coefficients in

> [!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/prop_names)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!param](/FunctorMaterials/MFEMGenericFunctorMatrixMaterial/prop_values)
```
